XD update

"If we confuse the testers enough maybe they'll spoil us" - Dan Simon

XD:

When you get infinite meta-antimatter, you can prestige (go exponential) to get XD. The formula for XD from meta-antimatter is the same as that for IP from regular antimatter.

XD on their own aren't that helpful, but they each produce XP, initially at the rate of 0.05 XP per second.

XP boost:
dilated time and meta dimensions by (xp + 1)
TD by 2^xp
ID by 2^(xp^2)
ND by 2^(xp^3)

There is a cap to XP, at log2(best meta-antimatter).

The "Go exponential" button is probably just to the right of the "Go eternal" button.

Going exponential resets everything eternity does, and also TT, TD, dilation, MD, current meta-antimatter (not best though), and XP.

Going exponential is never forced (that is, it starts broken).

There are three xd upgrades, each cost 10 xd, cost increase 10x:
get 0.05 more xp per second per xd
cap is softer
get 2x xd from going exponential.

thoughts on formula for softer cap (more for me than for anyone else):
Maybe just take
c = 64 * (#times bought)
real beyond cap = c * ln(ln(gain beyond cap / c + 1) + 1).
I mean who even notices log2 vs ln anyway in this type of situation?

So if gain beyond cap is 1e9 and c is 320 then real beyond cap is 886.
For 2e9 it's 899.

What happens is the cap starts out seeming softer, but quickly becomes harder again
as you can almost immediately get to the point where it caps.

Basically xd become a fixed multiplier after 10-20 hours, which I think is OK.

end thoughts

you can't spend all your xd on these upgrades; you have to keep at least one xd at all times after going exponential

Antipichu vortex:

You can sacrifice all your current XP, DT, or meta-antimatter to the antipichu vortex

total XP sac
log2(total DT sac.max(1))
log2(total MAM sac.max(1))

pairwise products give the three types of boson

each type of boson boosts one of the three types of galaxy by 1 + bosons / 1000

bosons = floor(product^(1 / 8))

Achievements:

keep TT and tree on XD (get 1e60 TT or something, "Theorem Completeness")
max TD and 5x EP autobuyer (get 1e6 tickspeed upgrades, "I am speed")
keep dilation upgrades and TP on going exponential (get inf^0.5 DT, "You're halfway there")
going exponential autobuyer (go exponential in less than a minute, "Hard takeoff")
meta-dimension stuff autobuyer (get at least 1e40 multiplier on all meta-dimensions, "I never meta-dimension I didn't like")
neutron star autosacrifice (get 30 bosons, "may the forces be with you")
get ability to bulk buy RG (get 1e1e5 replicanti, "It will never be enough")
all meta-dimensions are 10% stronger and you start with 100 MA on reset (get MD8, "And still no ninth dimension...")
all galaxies are 0.1% stronger (get at least 700 of all three types of galaxy, "Universal harmony")
EP upgrade 2 (the one based on eternities) keeps its original stronger formula (get a trillion eternities, "The cap is a million, not a trillion")
Meta-dimension boosts are each 1.01x stronger (get 10 meta-dimension boosts, "Meta-boosting to the max")
other ach (5):
"I'm so meta" (unlock meta dimensions)
"What did you just say?" (get between 1ieatass and 1ieatast antimatter, but shown in player's notation)
"No polynomial growth anymore" (go exponential)
"Finally I'm out of that channel" (get 1e5 xd)
"In the grim darkness of the far endgame" (get 1e40000 EP)

there are two rows (with undetermined order):

top:
I'm so meta
And still no ninth dimension...
In the grim darkness of the far endgame
Meta-boosting to the max
The cap is a million, not a trillion
It will never be enough
I am speed
Universal harmony

bottom:
No polynomial growth anymore
Theorem Completeness
You're halfway there
Hard takeoff
What did you just say?
May the forces be with you.
I never meta-dimension I didn't like
Finally I'm out of that channel
