make EC2 reward that infinity power affects all infinity dimensions by the given amount,
which sounds better and is stronger as needed.
In general, test that challenge rewards are at least the equivalent of 1e4x
to all infinity dimensions initially, otherwise what's the point?

add to EC13 "Your IP on crunch is your antimatter (with no multipliers)."
Carefully check that this doesn't unbalance EC13.
Seems possible that with intergalactic galaxies and (just as bad or worse) replicanti galaxies, it would.
If normally your replicanti galaxies are normal/10, now, in the limit, they will be normal * sqrt(3).

Given that this challenge is intended to be done after EC12, you'd need at least 1e100000 antimatter.
With 100 normal galaxies and thus 270 total galaxies (let's say 300, 30 from galactic dimensions)...

Well, at the goal IP, we'll have:
tickspeed upgrades in the normal game / 10 (or so)
but since we're in a challenge, we'll have
tickspeed upgrades in the normal game * 1.4 (or so)

so we have 3x galaxies, 2 (or maybe 3)x tickspeed upgrades, but since we have no infinity power
and tickspeed upgrades are much less powerful (at least 8x), it shouldn't matter.
I'm glad we can get away with this challenge.

EC3 testing: 2x -> 3x with 2000 dimension purchases is about 1e350 on each.
That's like 1e7 to all infinity dimensions, and is good.
Even 6x -> 7x is like 1e2.5 on all ids, which is OK since it will actually be stronger
when you can do EC3-5 and also since it will get noticably stronger over time.

EC4 testing: This is 1e4 or 1e5 per ID, as desired.

EC5 testing: EC5 will almost certainly take a larger galaxy requirement, like 300 or something.
In this case, we're getting 5 galaxies with 2 or 3 thousand tickspeed upgrades.
This should be somewhere between 1 and 3 times as strong as EC3,
which is OK since it will likely overlap with early EC6, but not the super-strong parts of EC6.

EC6 testing: If we max out RG 20 times, overall this challenge will allow for RG to be 45% stronger, which will give
practically 35 galaxies. Furthermore, 14 of these will be concentrated at the end, and 7 more close. 35 galaxies is not that bad:
EC5 will give 25. But this is still one of the stronger ECs, and EC6-5 must be handled carefully.

EC7: The reward here is log(antimatter)^(c / 5), which is good when you consider that most of the effect is on time dimensions.
This means that when you go intergalactic, galactic dimensions will automatically have a 1e8 multiplier or so,
and so will each give about 30 galaxies as soon as you complete EC7-5. This is fine and will make EC7 stronger.
This EC567 area will probably go by so fast once you go intergalactic.

EC8: This is ok. At first it sounds 10x stronger than new EC2, but really both make infinity dimensions about 1% stronger.

EC9: ln(infpower)^1/5. This is good on time dimensions.

EC10: 1e500 on normal dimensions is like 1e10 on IDs. Good.

EC11: Like EC8.

EC12: Weaker version of EC6, only about half as strong. Fine. Besides, by this point we have about 6x RG
we did then, so we're just regaining our temporal losses.

Oh, right! I'm so stupid. Here and in EC4 the goal has to say "x ip with condition x"
for challenge 4 that's "in no more than 16 - 4c infinities"
for challenge 12 that's "in less than 1 - c/5 second(s)"

Also ECs should be hidden when appropriate (which might just be when you haven't yet eternitied).
Check AD to find out when that is.

EC13: Infinite time takes tickspeed into account at a rate of 2 per million.
This gives 1e4 to time dimensions (more during later iterations). At this point, I think a challenge 4x as strong as EC1 is reasonable, but it might be too strong?
We have to be careful here, and nerf during testing if needed. Also, EC13 goal requirements should probably be higher.

Also, at 1000 TT, we get two new TS:
You get 1% of your crunch IP per second
You keep 1% of your infinities on eternity

This is analogous to the expansion of the TT tree, and also allows for doing IC4-5.

Eternity Challenge targets should generally be beyond what can be done when the challenge can be unlocked.

If this fails for 1 iteration, OK. If it fails for 2, maybe? If it fails for 3, we have a problem.

If needed this might imply that an EC is really hard on both sides or in the middle, but if it's hard at the end we can lower the increment and if it's hard at the start we can lower the starting value and raise the increment.

I really need to make a bot. It isn't that hard. Most of what the bot would do is just press Cheat Max RG, wait a minute,
crunch, repeat until no longer getting significant gains, and occasionally optimize a quick eternity, farm eternities, repeat...

Making a bot would make testing a lot easier. The bot would of course attempt possible eternity challenges and probably ask for appropriate TT specs? Not sure.

Another thing: fix the sacrifice bug I myself found. That would be embarrassing.

Oh, right. Also add 3 rows of achievements, most taken from AD but almost certainly not all, and those that are taken often changed.

Such as:
Infinite time: (just as before I removed it)
Like feasting on a behind: Eternity without buying Dimensions 1-8.
The void: Go intergalactic.
Infinite galaxies: Get 308 intergalactic galaxies. Reward: ???
[This one doesn't currently exist, but maybe it will?]

Galactic dimensions should increase cost and double in power when bought.
Cost increase for each dimension:
1: x2
2: x4
3: x8
4: x16
You can get 1 galaxy per 2x galactic power.

However, it's unclear what their initial prices should be (other than that the first should be 1),
or generally how galactic points should be given out. What about this?
This seems reasonable: galactic points = 2 ** (log(tickspeed interval divide, 256) - 128)
In the end, this gives roughly 1 in 30 galaxies, which seems like a good number (not too strong),
while still letting actual growth from dimension purchases be significant.

Also, there are galactic-point TT upgrades. These should be useful throughout, but not give too many TT.

If we have quadratic TT in log(AM) that's a problem.
How about 16^n^2 Galaxy Points reduces TT costs (x^(4 / (n + 4)) -> x^(4 / (n + 5)))
1: 1
16: .8
2^16: .66
2^36: .57
2^64: .5
2^100: .44
2^144: .4
2^196: .36
2^256: .33

If we can get this far I'm happy. How many TT can we get?

Maybe there should be a late-game achievement:
There's no fifth TD here: Get 1 million TT.
We'd probably need to go a little beyond 1e9 AM for that, though.

How helpful will 30 galaxies be? They might square AM, which would make 2 ** 64 a reasonable GD2 price.

I have a hard time imagining this, for some reason.

Of course, there should be intergalactic milestones. Those needed:

1: Keep eternity milestones on intergalaxy.

2: Complete eternity challenges as soon as they can be unlocked.

3: Keep eternity upgrades on intergalaxy.

4: Unlock autobuyer for x5 EP.

5: More eternity autobuyer options (just like current infinity autobuyer).

6: Keep your banked infinities.

8: Keep 10% of your eternities.

10: Start with all time studies unlocked.

12: Unlock antimatter autobuyer for TT.

16: Unlock IP autobuyer for TT.

20: Unlock EP autobuyer for TT.

25: Unlock autobuyer for First Time Dimension.

30: Unlock autobuyer for Second Time Dimension.

35: Unlock autobuyer for Third Time Dimension.

40: Unlock autobuyer for Fourth Time Dimension.

50: You keep your TT and TS on intergalaxy.

75: You start with all infinity dimensions unlocked and all infinity challenges unlocked and completed.

100: Unlock autobuyer for intergalaxies.

Farming intergalaxies is not desired in this version.
intergalaxies don't do anything but give milestones and show up as a statistic.
However, farming them is still somewhat possible.

Make eternity milestone 2 also complete regular challenges.

Figure out how quickly matter should grow in EC7. I think it should be 1 doubling per 10 seconds for a real challenge.
This would make replicanti galaxy strength of 1.4 to 1.5 optimal, probably: anything larger would take too long.
Of course, here EC6 really helps, which is nice.

Maybe remove "You're already dead" since it's currently too hard.
You can't go infinite with just first dimension (without the 1000 TT time studies),
except in challenge 3 or maybe EC 6.
Ok, it is likely possible in EC6! As long as:
(1) EC3 isn't nerfed
(2) tickspeed multiplier is above 1.4x (71%) (this one seems likely since in endgame a galaxy is about 9%)
(3) you have 1000 tickspeed upgrades from TD (requires 1e2xx time shards, at least 1e217 and almost certainly at most 1e260)
(4) you've completed EC6 (otherwise you can't get enough RG in time for active path)
Issue: We're allocating some TT to active and some to time dimensions being stronger. How does this work?

New achievements:
Row 10:
Do you really need a guide for that? -> 1e(1 million) is a lot
goal: same
picture: like "1 million is a lot" but with text "YEAH" "IT KINDA IS". Created.
Row 11:
name: Yo dawg, I heard you liked infinities...
goal: Have all your past 10 infinities be at least 1.79e308 times higher IP than the previous one. Reward: Your antimatter doesn't reset on dimension boost or galaxy.
name: Infinite time
goal: Get 308 tickspeed upgrades. Reward: Time dimensions are very slightly affected by tickspeed.
name: Do you really need a guide for that?
goal: Eternity with at most 10 infinities. Reward: Multiplier to IP based on infinities.
name: You're a mistake
goal: Fail an Eternity challenge. Reward: A fading sense of accomplishment.
name: I wish I had gotten 7 eternities
goal: Start an Infinity challenge inside an Eternity challenge. Reward: Multiplier to infinity dimensions based on eternity challenge tiers completed.
name: Do I really need to infinity?
goal: Eternity with at most 1 infinity. Reward: Stronger multiplier to IP based on infinities.
name: I thought it would be harder...
goal: Get 2000 eternities. Reward: Stronger multiplier to time dimensions based on eternities.
picture: An easy math test. Created.
name: IT'S OVER 9000
goal: Get a total sacrifice multiplier of 1e9000. Reward: Sacrifice doesn't reset your dimensions.
Row 12:
name: Can you get infinite IP?
goal: Reach 1e30008 IP.
name: You're already dead.
goal: Eternity without buying dimensions 2-8.
name: Now actually go study
goal: Unlock all the time studies.
picture: some math theorem.
NOT YET CREATED, but mainly since I can't decide on a theorem.
name: Eternities are the new infinity
goal: Eternity in under 200ms.
name: Like feasting on a behind
goal: Eternity without buying dimensions 1-8. Reward: Strong multiplier to dimensions 1-8 based on eternities.
name: Popular music
goal: Have 180 times more replicanti galaxies than normal galaxies. Reward: Replicanti can increase beyond the amount needed for a replicanti galaxy.
name: But I wanted another prestige layer...
goal: Reach 1e308 EP. Reward: Time dimensions get a multiplier based on EP.
name: What do I have to do to get rid of you
goal: Reach 1e22000 IP without any time studies. Reward: Time dimensions are multiplied by the total number of studies you have.
Row 13:
name: I never liked this infinity stuff anyway
goal: Reach 1e140,000 IP without buying IDs or IP multipliers.
name: Unique snowflakes
goal: Have 1000 galaxies without having any replicanti galaxies. Reward: Normal galaxies are 0.1% stronger.
name: 5 more eternities until the update
goal: Complete all the eternity challenges 5 times.
name: Definitely not safe
goal: Get replicanti interval below 0.001 ms. Reward: You can buy more than 1 replicanti galaxy at a time.
picture: something definitely not safe.
name: The void
goal: Go intergalactic.
picture: nothing. Seems appropriate. Just the text "The void"
name: Universal harmony
goal: Have the same number (at least 100) of normal galaxies, replicanti galaxies, and intergalactic galaxies.
picture: A three-fold ying-yang symbol I create. Created, and turned (I think) into image format (or at least doing so should be easy).
reward: All galaxies are 0.1% stronger.
name: 24 dimensions and none of them ninth...
goal: Buy the fourth galactic dimension.
image: Some type of classification of the dimensions, like the physics classification of particles.
Created, NOT TURNED INTO IMAGE FORMAT (but that should be easy)
name: This is what I have to do to get rid of you.
goal: Complete IC3 in EC11. Reward: IC3 multiplier per tickspeed upgrade is multiplied by 1.1.

(formula for "I wish I had gotten 7 eternities": 7^(tiers completed))
(formula for "Do you really need a guide for that?": x + 1)
(formula for "Do I really need to infinity": (x + 1)^2)
(formula for "Like feasting on a behind": x^sqrt(x))
(what is this for 25 million? 1e36989, apparently. That's not too much.)
(formula for "But I wanted another prestige layer": log2(x))

Six columns:
n1 n5 i1 i5 t1 g1
n2 n6 i2 i6 t2 g2
n3 n7 i3 i7 t3 g3
n4 n8 i4 i8 t4 g4
each in a little rounded box and in green (nd), brown (id), purple (td), and orange (gd) respectively

Is "This is what I have to do to get rid of you." really possible? Make sure to keep testing until it is.
It appears like it might not be, since time dimensions don't produce infinity dimensions,
only give them a now-useless multiplier.
To make it possible, add to Eternity Challenge 4
"Galaxy and dimension boost cost increases increase 1 for each time bought"
and reward
"Dimension boost and galaxy price increases decrease by 1. Currently 59, 14" (as an example)

Currently it appears like the last achievement, at the end of the game, takes somewhere between a day and two days,
which probably means I'm missing something and it will complete immediately.

New news messages:
"The intergalactic update was initially going to be called the extragalactic update but fortunately I looked up the definitions of those terms first. Unless the Milky Way is made of antimatter or replicanti, I think all your galaxies are extragalactic."
"Technically speaking, your intergalactic galaxies are actually just lonely galaxies. An intergalactic galaxy is still a contradiction in terms, but "lonely galaxy" sounds like there was a cost increase or something so I couldn't use it."
"The hardest part of the intergalactic update was finding somewhere to put the \"Go intergalactic\" button."
"This news message and some others like it were in the game before the intergalactic update thanks to time travel, but to avoid paradoxes they were censored: \"intergalactic\" and related terms were replaced by \"???\". It is believed that when the update came up all the censorship was magically fixed somehow, but its effect, as you probably know, influenced history tremendously: it directly caused ???."
For confusion and secrecy:
"The ??? update was initially going to be called the ??? update but fortunately I looked up the definitions of those terms first. Unless ??? is made of ??? or ???, I think all your ??? are ???."
"Technically speaking, your ??? are actually just ???. ??? is still a contradiction in terms, but ??? sounds like there was ??? or something so I couldn't use it."
"The hardest part of the ??? update was finding somewhere to put the \"Go ???\" button."
"This news message and some others like it were in the game before the ??? update thanks to time travel, but to avoid paradoxes they were censored: \"???\" and related terms were replaced by \"???\". It is believed that when the update came up all the censorship was magically fixed somehow, but its effect, as you probably know, influenced history tremendously: it directly caused ???."
